# 202001419 Software Engineering Lab Assignment-1 

Identifying Functional and Non-Functional Requirements

Q1. Identify FRs and NFRs
Functional Requirements:
1. Librarian can create new users by adding new members and even to remove existing users.
2. Users can search for books based on different domains like name, publication or category.
3. Allow users to extend their issued period in case no other user requested for an issue of that book, or can return the book.
4. Librarian can add new books purchased or remove book which are off the shelf.
5. Anybody can browse the existing books and only the user has the rights to issue the book.
6. Should be able to bifercate between member of LIS and normal user.
7. The system should notify the librarian and users about overdue issue books and calculate fine in case of delay.

Non-Functional Requirements:
1. The system should should only login users with legitimate login credentials.
2. The system should be scallable to accomodate increase of users.
3. It should have ability to withstand minor modifications without causing harm to the database.
4. It should be a web application with HTML 5 framework. 
5. It should work on the institute LAN.


Q2. Identify scope, features and non-functional aspects of the given problem
Scope:
1. Develop a mobile based application for real-time tracking.
2. Use of voice sensors for the input to the AI for it to evaluate alerts.

Features:
1. It should create appropriate alerts as the requirement of the user.
2. It should have an emergency mechanism which make contacts to important persons.
3. Should have accurate sensors for real-time voice sensing of car horns and babaies. 

Non-Functional Aspects:
1. It should analyse and provide a weekly or monthly analysis of the number of alerts and its causes and provide some suggestions in order to prevent it.
2. The proposed system would be user-friendly and would provide Graphical User Interface.
3. The Server would perform desired tasks as expected, the system does its work with more accuracy.
